# Homebrew Annual General Meeting 2024

## Opening

* 09:00 Taking seats
* 09:10 Call to order

Attendance:

* Issy Long
* Mike McQuaid
* Sean Molenaar
* Colin Dean
* Rui Chen
* Bevan Kay
* George Adams
* Rylan Polster
* Doug Eichelberger
* Michael Cho
* Eric Knibbe
* Markus Reiter
* Vanessa Gennarelli
* John Britton
* Carlo Cabrera
* William Woodruff
* Patrick Linnane
* Justin Krehel
* Ruoyu Zhong
* Michka Popoff
* Bo Anderson
* Miccal Matthews
* Caleb Xu

## Reports

* 09:15 “State of the Brewnion” Project Leader Report (15 min, Mike McQuaid)
* 09:40 Project Leadership Committee Report (15 min, Colin and Sean for the PLC)
* 10:00 Technical Steering Committee Report (15 min, Michka for the TSC)

## Election Results

* 10:00 PL Voting Results (5 min, Issy for the PLC)
  * Mike McQuaid reelected with 48 votes
* 10:05 PLC Voting Results (5 min, Issy for the PLC)
  * Patrick and Vanessa candidates, 2 seats, 46 voters
  * Both elected.
* 10:10 Governance Changes Voting Results (5 min, Issy for the PLC)
  * Approved, merged [#16494](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/16494)

## Presentations and discussions (11:00-12:00 and 13:30-15:00)

* Review of last year’s topics (Sean Molenaar)
* Workbrew and Homebrew (Mike McQuaid)
* Rename master branches to main (Mike McQuaid)
* Faster brew (Mike McQuaid)
* Killing non-homebrew-cask cask taps (Mike McQuaid)
* Maintainers using forks (e.g. packaging CI job doesn’t run with them) (Mike McQuaid)
* Long-term solutions for formulas with lots of dependents testing: parallelisation, etc. (FX Coudert)
* Removing six (Python 2/3): communication with the Python community (Michka)
* Revising the formula deprecation policy (Bo Anderson)
* Introducing the cask deprecation policy (Bo Anderson)
* Criteria of suitability for Python formulae (FX Coudert)
* Revisiting dependency grants (Colin Dean)
* Grant seeking (Colin Dean)
* Commission redesign of formula & cask page layouts (Eric Knibbe)
* Formal security governance (Patrick Linnane)
* Security initiatives (Patrick Linnane)
* Build provenance on homebrew-core (William Woodruff)
* Publicly discouraging duplicating testbot bumps (Sean Molenaar)
* Long running run switching (Sean Molenaar)
* [brew fund](https://github.com/colindean/homebrew-fund) (Colin Dean)
* Formalize when to allow switching a formula/cask’s upstream to a fork (Eric Knibbe)
* Revamping `conflicts_with` for formulae and casks (Rylan Polster)
* Maintainers using forks (e.g. packaging CI job doesn’t run with them) (Mike McQuaid)
